1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

when are the highest differences?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
Fed 29th- Mar 31st 2024

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
Nov 30th- Dec 31st 2024

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

The highest = Apr 30th -May 31st 2024
The lowest = Nov 30th- Dec 31st 2024

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?

There is no correlation for hamburgers and breakups

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

The line chart does have a correlation between breakups and milkshakes 

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?

That the chart is accurate based on the article provided 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

The top state is Delaware

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

The top state is South Carolina 
